feat(Onboarding): add edit method (#1011)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1011.feature.rst

> Allow editing Onboarding.
>     - :class:`OnboardingPrompt` and :class:`OnboardingPromptOption` are now user-constructable.
>     - Add :meth:`Guild.edit_onboarding`.
>     - Add :class:`OnboardingMode` enum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow editing Onboarding configurations.
    - :class:`OnboardingPrompt` and :class:`OnboardingPromptOption` are now user-constructible.
    - Add :meth:`Guild.edit_onboarding`.
    - Add :attr:`Onboarding.mode`.
```
(constructable vs constructible is a minor nit, I believe both are technically correct but the latter is more common)
